Improvements to RadioTile DOM Node customization (#1409)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/lazy-waves-walk.md

---
'@itwin/itwinui-react': patch
---

> Props added to RadioTile to individually customize the tile, input, content, icon, label, and sublabel parts of the component.

Reviewer: Nitpicky, but I'd mention the new props by name.

> ---
> '@itwin/itwinui-react': patch
> ---
> 
> 'wrapperProps', 'iconProps', 'labelProps', 'subLabelProps' added to RadioTile to individually customize each part of the component.'

Reviewer 2: last comment: changeset should mention the breaking change where some props have moved

```suggestion
---
'@itwin/itwinui-react': major
---

`RadioTile`'s `className` and `style` props will now be applied on the `<input>` element instead of the wrapper. Added `wrapperProps`, `iconProps`, `labelProps`, `subLabelProps` to individually customize each part of the component.
```

Author: Done
